It was the day of the last enchanted eclipse
Wu shifu was desperate
The secret he watched over was in danger
We are shameful Master, we are not worthy of your teaching
Don't go! I still have so much to teach you
What happened to ancestral values?
Courage, loyalty, honesty
A stranger did everything for that the teacher was forced to sell his school
Someone wanted to take over the land on which it was built and nothing seemed to be able to stop him
The school was everything for Wu Shifu. His students were like his childs.
And without children, he had no one to give his heritage to, and all the responsibilities that they accompanied
To whom was he going to be able to confide his heavy secret? And what If there was no one left to watch over the cave during the next enchanted eclipse?
From now on, alone, he had no more hope
And that's when we met
He chose my name. In Mandarin, it means «Flying in the air»
I am Fei.
After becoming my adoptive father, Wu Shifu taught me the values of Kung Fu
And made me the new guardian
But they always hunted us down
They ended up taking my adoptive father
And even by stealing the bracelet
and destroying the school
From now on, there was only me to protect the secret of the cave during the next enchanted eclipse
That's it!
It's finally the holidays and they are off to an exceptional start
We'd go to the pool, to the movies, to the museum,
Take long walks. We even had a big picnic where everyone would be there.
Even Adrien would be there, his Father give us his consent
Yes, the holidays started well
Even for Cat Noir and I
We had a few missions, but no Akumatized in sight
Hawk moth seemed to have taken holidays too
We started to relax a bit, because who knows what "holidays" means for hawk moth
Anyway, we thought everything was fine
Until everything starts to go wrong
Sorry Marinette, but I can't leave the bakery today and if you don't go now he won't receive the gift in time for his birthday!
Okay I'll go
Thank you, Sweetie
I'm sorry, but I have a little setback
I don't why, but it don't surprises me at all
Save me a place next to "you know who" please!
I'm rushing to join you
But, you don't know? I thought you knew
What? What am I supposed to know?
Adrien left for Shanghai
Huh??!
It's probably a mistake!! I always know what to know about Adrien
His 5 first names and the dates that match them!
His schedule of the year and even his size..
If there was anything to know about him, I would be aware!
But.. he was also unaware of it..
He told Nino that the inauguration of his father's store in Shanghai was decided last minute.
*gasps*
Shanghai...
You're a dolphin. You jump from waves to waves in an ocean of sweetness.
The opening of this store is essential for the future of the Agreste Family, Adrien. The fact that it's earlier than planned is  a good new.
There will be other picnics with your friends
Probably
Besides, I'm happy to spend time with you, father
Yes, I am also pleased
But before that, I still have to work out organizational details
Did you have time to check everything out,  Nathalie?
All the necessary conditions at the enchanted eclipse will be well met tomorrow, sir.
I beg you master.. Think about it..
The Prodigious hasn't been abandoned in a cave for nothing.
It's in favor of the miraculouses..
It was locked up because it is far too powerful, too dangerous!
Precisely, Nooroo. The miraculouses of Ladybug and Cat Noir have been defeating me for far too long..
I can't miss an opportunity to defeat them with higher powers
What I started for now 15 years ago, I intend to finish it tomorrow.
Finally..
Mom!!
B-But the package.. He will never get it in time!!
Of course it is mom because I decided  to go and bring the package myself!
Umm.. Yeah because it's time to visit my uncle in person
Because my uncle-
*falls*
It's my origins!
And I'm trying to connect with Adrie-
I mean, with my origins... It's been a long time... They don't stop.
I mean *they* - my origins, won't stop escaping me!
And without him, err- finally without them, my origins...
I mean... I feel incomplete!
Marinette, Are you telling us that you want to go to Shanghai?!
You know, your mother and I have been waiting for this moment for a long time
We always hope you'd want to go to Shanghai to see the country of your ancestors, and connect with your Chinese family
We've been putting money aside since the day  you were born what to organize  a family trip. We've been waiting for you to ask us.
That you'd be ready
But right now..It's sudden
Yes, but we can't close the bakery like this..
If you want to bring the gift to Uncle Wang
You will have to go on the journey alone...
You are the best parents in the universe!
What a pleasure to see you
I’m very happy that you finally come.
I’m happy too!
And like that you gonna have your present at the time!
You know my most beautiful present is your visit Marinette.
Your mother tell me you would like to connect you
at your roots and that makes me very happy.
I have a lot of reservations at my restaurant this weekend but I cancelled everything, thanks to you...
I am on holiday for the first time since-
since your mother was leave to France.
You did all that for me?
Of course yes! Family is sacred!
You have made good progress in French since your last visit..
I have worked hardest for communicated with you!
I can tell you all the stories of our ancestors and then we can visit Shanghai
and you can learn all the traditional songs of the Cheng!
The Cheng have a traditional songs?
Bund's district is impressive, Father.
Have you ever visited Shanghai during one of your trips?
Yes, obviously
You could maybe show me around the city, it'd be amazing to see this together
Yes, undoubtedly. But before anything else, there are some things I need to take care of for tomorrow's inauguration
I guess the only thing I have to do is to stay at the hotel whilst waiting for you...
On the contrary, enjoy this beautiful day to go out and take a walk around. I'll join you in the afternoon
Your great great grandfather would draw clothes for Pekin's opera artists!
Marinette! Marinette! Marinette!
Yes Bastille, I'm really proud to finally be able to introduce you to Marinette
Delighted to meet you uh.. Bastille
Bastille has been in the family since forever, look
He was already there for your Grandpa Yen ,
Grandma Chun's era, and your mom Xia Ping
Xia Ping?
Yes, she only named herself Sabine when she started living in France
Woah...
I had never seen this picture of mom before
Magical ingredient! Magical ingredient!
Don't worry, I didn't forget
Do you remember my way of cooking?
Eh? Uh- Oh! Of course! Haha! You always improvise with something that destiny sends in your way
And today, it's you that destiny sent to me
But I didn't bring any ingredients along with me
Oh... This gives me an idea...
I can go out talk a walk to see if destiny puts Adri-
Uuh I mean, a magical ingredient on my way!
Aren't you scared of getting lost? You can't speak Chinese at all
I can't get lost as long as I've got my phone! There's an instant GPS and traductor!
Alright, but don't get too far, you'll find everything you need in the neighborhood
And I'm sure that tonight's meal will be magical!
Do you plan on putting Adrien in a soup?
Of course not, Tikki! We're going to search for a magical ingredient, and we'll benefit from this walk to go and say hi to Adrien!
You mean "Ni hao"?
You can speak mandarin?
Well, yes! Kwamis can speak every language!
It makes sense now that you say it, you can't know who'll be your next wielder
How are you going to manage finding Adrien?
Look, it's simple. We are here, and him, he's right there
We just need to follow the map, it's gonna be a piece of cake!
Look guys!
Hey, aren't you Adrien Agreste, the famous model?
Please let them, it doesn't bother me
[he may know how to speak chinese- but i don't]
I'm there Nathalie, now I just need to find the perfect target to akumatize
Oh dear... It didn't seem so far on the map...
I'd like to see people for who they are
Think of them as stories, their little joys, their great happiness
Their deceptions, their achievements
This is how my father would've wanted me to perceive them
In order to be the guardian he wanted me to be, I have to forget who I truly am
I absolutely have to retrieve the key
And to do so, I need money
Someone is able to let me know the truth
about what happened to my adoptive father...
but I have to pay him!
Father! Are you done?
Ah... Yes, I understand...
Later? Yes, of course, if you'd like...
See you later, father
One thing is sure, your father will never change!
A quality that we can appreciate when it comes to soft cheese, but for a human?
Pouah! What wouldn't I do for a good meal!
I have what you need Plagg, do you remember Wang Shifu, Marinette's uncle?
His restaurant of a thousand delicacies is located in Shanghai
Yess
There's a place I'd like to go to, do you agree?
Sorry
Adrien! Adrien!
Adrien!
Oh no! Look!
Oh no! Poor girl. I'll help her.
Tikki, spots on!
Tikki?!
Tikki!
TIKKIIIIII!!!
Marinette is in Shanghai? That's an incredible coincidence
That's the destiny
Love is beautiful!
Haha! No, Marinette is just a friend
What if we make a surprise for her?
Would you like me to wait for her with you?
Of course! She should come soon, you can help me to make the food if you want to
*speaks Chinese*
I've lost my Miraculous, my kwagamata, and Tikki
Without my phone to find my way, or translate what i'm saying, there wasn't any way I could go back to my uncle Wang's house, or get help...
Bastille, go find some pepper in the reserve please!
Pepper! Pepper! Coming right up!
I'm looking for these earrings, have you seen anyone wearing them?
I don't understand...
Oh!
Here...
Is this what you need?
Is Marinette usually late?
Marinette? She's always late, it would be surprising if she came right on time
Hm… i'll still call her
It's Marinette! Leave a message, beep
Err- Marinette, It's Uncle Wang, I hope you didn't get lost, I'm waiting you with…
A surprise!
See you!
Oh! They're really pretty, Thanks miss, it's not what I'm looking for but it's really nice of you for wanting to help me
*insists she keeps it*
Thanks a lot.
I went there everyday to sell what I managed to retrieve.
Day after day, I paid the one who was supposed to help me get revenge.
Cash!
Fei, what treasures are you bringing me today?
You’re going to tell me again that there isn’t anything valuable in there ?
I’m doing everything I can to help you, really, but everything has a price and the price of those things is not particularly high.
I’ve had enough of stealing. I want you to give me his name.
As long as you don’t have enough to pay this price, I won’t be able to tell you anything.
This little purse is not bad, this phone is a piece of junk, the earrings…
They seem old !
I think I’m more of an expert than you. They are so mundane. Bahh how awful. But at least it can go in the gripper machine. I offer you 200 yuans for the lot.
What ?!  Are you kidding me ?
You know Fei, I like you a lot.
By taking them at 200 yuans, I’m doing you a favor. In memory of the noble Wu Shifu and the values he used to defend.
If you respect those values, why don’t you introduce me to that man who will be able to tell me who burnt down my father’s school ?
Because just like his school, your father’s values are no more.
What matters today is the law of the market. Money is king, "baby".
Ah, it’s a shame. But in order to thrive, one must know how to adapt. Here are 200 yuans.
For this price, I’d rather give this poor girls her things back
Wait. That’s a very good idea you got there.
If you find her, your poor girl will be able to buy them back for a high price!
This awful toy must be of great sentimental value… to her. And sentiments, they are priceless.
If I manage to bring you the owner of those belongings and she accepts to buy back the lot, will you finally tell me what I want to know ?
A deal is a deal.
I had lost all hope to find my stuff
My only solution was to find the address to Uncle Wang's restaurant so that he would help me
But I was totally lost
*shouts in Chinese*
Sorry!
But you are the girl they were chasing around. They are after me now
I imagine don’t understand a single word of what i’m saying
I do, I speak your language, follow me
They lost us. Is there a problem?
I’m so happy to have found someone who understands what I’m saying.
People are really nice but it’s impossible to explain what’s happening to me
I think I can help you, tell me what’s going on?
All my stuff was stolen, my bag, my phone, my earrings...
You found them?
What? This? No, a nice lady gave them to me.
Can you tell me more about the real ones? Did they have a sentimental value?
It's someone really dear to me that gave them to me, someone who trusted me.
You know, for me too, someone stole a jewel that someone very dear entrusted me with.
Like you, I’m ready to do everything I can to get it back.
So, you understand me?
Yes, and I will help you.
Really? Thank you so much.
I’d like to get back to my uncle house, he has a restaurant in Shanghai
But I don’t know the address.
Them again? Quick follow me!
Marinette, it’s me again, with… the surprise we are very worried, please call me back
I shouldn’t have let her go out alone.
I’m certain that she’s okay. I will call the police
And I... I will go try to find her.
Are you sure?
She must not be far. And I speak Chinese
stay here, I won’t be long.
As Cat Noir, it will be easier to find Marinette
But, how will you explain that Cat Noir is in Shanghai?
I will find something. Plagg, Claws out!
This time, we should be okay. Why are you alone in Shanghai?
I had gone out to meet up with a friend, until I realised someone had stolen my stuff
In here.
Take this, in case we cross the young men who are chasing us.
Why do you have these disguises in your bag?
I… I’m coming back from a costume party that’s why.
Let’s take a bike. I have an idea where we could find you earrings.
I know a street where there are a ton of pawn shops. The thief probably fooled one of the merchants and sold your stuff while pretending it was theirs.
Uh, okay. Do you think we could find the number of my uncle's restaurant so that I might call him? He must be worried.
Uh, I don’t have enough credit. I can’t call anyone anymore sorry.
Don’t worry, I’m certain you will soon be able to reassure him in person.
By the way, what’s your name?
Fei.
I’m Marinette. I’m so lucky to have found you.
Ni Hao! Don’t be afraid, I’m Cat Noir, Parisian superhero.
From Paris? But what are you doing in China?
I’m searching for a young French who got lost in Shanghai.
So, French superheroes take care of lost tourists too?
Yes, added to everything else. We have the sense of public service.
Sorry, I haven’t seen this girl. Good luck in your search.
Ugh, I knew I should’ve taken Chinese lessons.
And you? Why do you speak French?
My father loved this language, and he wanted me to speak it. And his Kung Fu’ school had lost all it’s chinese customers so he was hoping to teach it to tourists.
But, his school got swept in flames, and with it, everything my father believed in.
Not everything apparently, since you are here.
You are wrong, I became the contrary of what he believed in.
I don’t understand, did he want you to be a coward, selfish and mean?
What are you saying? Fei, it’s been hours that you are helping me, even though we don’t know each other.
And you have been really courageous when you confronted the young men who were following me
You are an amazing girl, so if that's the contrary of what your dad wanted.
I’m not as amazing as you think.
We have arrived
[Chinese talking] It’s Marinette, leave a message, BEEP!
You’re on Adrien Agreste’s voicemail, please, leave a message.
It’s gonna work out, it’s gonna work out.
I hope so too, I hope so.
Look at this side, and I’ll go that way
Here! I found it!
My mirac… I mean, my earrings!
Wow, that was lucky!
Hello sir! I absolutely have to get these earrings back! they are very very very important for me. I’m so happy to finally find them!
Can you translate please! It won’t be necessary, I speak your language.
So...
These earrings are very precious to you.
Yes! Infinitely precious
100 000 Yuan and they are yours
100 000 Yuan you say, is that a lot?
[Speaking Chinese]
It is the law of supply and demand, "baby".
If it’s precious to her, it’s precious to me!
[Speaking Chinese]
Your attitude is revolting, you take advantage of people's misfortune to enrich yourself.
I remind you that it was you who stole this girl's things and brought her to me...
So tell me, which one of us benefits more from the misfortune of people?
Marinette.
Tikki!I'll get you out of there soon
Don’t insist Fei, I’ll pay.
But it’s a huge amount of money!
I’m gonna call my uncle and explain him everything. Can I borrow your phone?
Can you give me the phone number of the restaurant "milles délices" please?
I know it. Your uncle is a great cook!
Yes, and I’m so ashamed to ask him…
[Speaks Chinese]
Here is the phone number.
Thank you sir, it’s very nice of you!
We’ll do it another way!
But, Fei!
if you don't buy this jewellery now, I can't promise to keep it for you.
if another customer is interested I will sell it to them
Fei!I can't afford to take such a risk.
Believe me,believe me, nobody will buy them at that price!
Fei! What are you playing at! You don't want an answer to your question anymore?
Don't you want to know who attacked your father?
Have you forgotten who you are?
on the contrary, I just remembered who I really am!
I'll take you back to your uncle! Fei, I can’t leave without my…
Get on the bike quickly.
You stole my earrings?
But you wanted to get them at any cost right?
Yes but not like that. Stealing is very wrong!
This shopkeeper paid a lot of money for my earrings to the person who sold them to him. If he can’t resell them, he will have lost his money!
Marinette, I promise you I’ll explain everything to you but you have to get on this bike
RIGHT NOW!
Where did the little red toy go?
She made a fool out of me!
This little brat set me up!
Catch them!
This poor man may have gotten into debt to afford them.
Marinette, stop arguing and run!
See? Those men are furious!
You have no idea.
Tikki!
Tikki, sp-
No, no, no, no, no, no.
We can’t get lost, those ones are really dangerous
What do you mean really dangerous? The other ones also seemed really dangerous when they were chasing me.
Fei, let me go get help.
The only one that can help us here is me…
and the kung fu my father taught me.
What’s happening?
Us, proud vigilantes of the streets, fight against evil even when it strikes other representatives of evil…
Go home! It’s dangerous!
We’re not taking orders from a thief!
A thief?
Uh don’t listen to him, he’s talking nonsense.
Run!
Ah this city is too big. I’ll never make it alone.
Oh!
My Lady, a French girl we know, Marinette Dupain-Cheng, is missing in Shanghai.
I’m already there. If you get this message, meet me there, I need your help.
Finally, the time has come
Master, I beg you... Give up!
You are going to free a magic that is way too powerful for you.
The magic guardian of the prodigious is a dreadful opponent.
You will never defeat him.
What makes you think I'm going to confront him?
Where are we?
At my home. That’s where I live.
Marinette Dupain-Cheng?
This is where I have to be right now
Now..
Sorry, I don’t have anything else to offer you
Fei, why did you bring us here?
I have to look after my father’s heritage.
But your father…
He disappeared... along with his school.
Oh. I’m really sorry.
They did everything to make us leave.
I mean everything.
Intimidation, robbery, they took everything from us.
Even the bracelet my father had entrusted me with.
This jewel I told you about and to which I was as attached to as you are to your earrings. Except… this jewel had a power.
Gasp- who are those people you’re telling me about?
That’s the thing, I don’t know.
It was my quest to find their identity that put you in my way..
I have to tell you something, I-..
Did you really think you could get away from me Fei?
You two know each other?
Of course we know each other..
How do you think I ended up with earrings, little girl?
Because she stole them from you!
and then she stole them from me!
that’s.. that’s what I was about to tell you, Marinette I swear..
You saw how much these earrings meant to me!
and you knew I was willing to pay any price!
I’m sorry, he said he knew someone who could tell me what happened to my dad..
but for that he asks me for a huge amount of money in exchange!
Truth has a price.. You can't get anything without having something, "baby"...
You’re gonna call your uncle now!
and ask him for the money he owes me!
I won’t let you.
Run away Marinette!
this limitless greed..
Years ago too... it had served my plans well..
Nooroo, Dark Wings Rise!
I want my money.
And you’re gonna give it to me, or you’re never gonna get your answers!
Do you only know the answers to my questions?
The truth, the truth is that if this girl doesn’t call her uncle now..
You will know the same fate as your father!
I forbid you to speak of my father!
I may have betrayed these teachings, but it’s over, I’ll find my answers alone!
Marinette I’m the only one who can protect you!
You weren't protecting me... All you did was lie
I need you to trust me
Impossible!
I shouldn’t have stolen your earrings, forgive me!
You did what you had to do and this time it’s my turn.
Silver King, I’m Hawk Moth
you want to become, rich?
hiding behind this waterfall is a very precious object
If you help me get hold of it, I'd make you immensely rich,
Beyond everything you could imagine..
a deal is a deal.
the silver blades of your fan will be able to slice everything...
The silver blades of your fan will be able to decide everything
My wealth, the rich
It looks like Hawk Moth also took a trip to Shanghai!
Do you think that Fei is really sincere, Marinette?
I don’t know yet but for now..
Tikki, spots on!
M'Lady, a French girl we know, Marinette Dupain-Cheng has disappeared in Shanghai. I'm already on place. If you have this message, join me. I need your help.
Ooh, Sweet Kitty.
Meow My Lady.
I just arrived in Shanghai Kitty. You find her?
No but with you, I'm sure we can do miracles
For tell you everything, there is not only her in Shanghai. I just saw an akuma.
What! I'm coming very soon.
Comes quickly Cat Noir.
It's the time to prove that the money opens all the doors.
Nobody will enter in the sacred Cave.
Who do you think you are scaring, little girl!
You're wasting our time.
And time is money!
"Aaaaaaah"
Catch that.
Where is the fortune that you promised me!
It comes, it comes, keep calm.
"Gasp"
Who are you?
Who is you.
Ladybug.
I'm Fei
You are one of the good guys?
Yes
I will finally be able to check if this investment was profitable.
So you were my mysterious buyer! An uninteresting trinket like that never brought me so much money!
*Cruel laugh*
I have been waiting for this moment for 15 long years now.
Oh it's my bracelet!
Does he have any special features?
I don't know. I just have to protect the Cave and the Bracelet, but I've failed.
"Ooooh!"
Human, are you ready to affront the judgment of Meishi, the Lion, protector of the "Prodigious".
The "Prodigious"
You know what is it?
No, but if HawkMoth wants to seize, I must have taken everything to prevent it. You stay here!
Put the Prodigious on your neck, Human, and get ready to face my judgment.
What makes you think I have the slightest attention to confront you Guardian.
Money King it's the time to respect our contract. Transform him into a Gold Statue.
Hein, what. I forbid you! You don't respect the rules!
Nooooooo!
I take over my father's mission!
Fei, I told you to stay hidden!
So it's you who will affront my judgment, Human.
Hurry up Cat Noir.
Greetings to our new "Renren"!
New what?
"Renren", the person who wear the "Prodigious".
Who are you talking to?
Only the "Renren" can see us.
Has species of magic bugs but only I can see them apparently
No! The Prodigious is mine! King-Money!
We are the Renlings, the spirits of human values.
Anyone of us can transform you into a wild animal, provided that you are worthy of the values ​​that it represent.
For example, if you want that me, "Tang-Tang" Renling of patience you wants I to transform you into a praying mentis, you have to be patient.
Thank you, I don't have for patience now, sorry.
"Xung-Xung, Renling of calm
Of Calm! It's a joke!
Calm like a Bear, Big and strong like a Bear.
"Breathing"
Xung!
Not bad!
Thanks umm…
Ladybear apparently
For now!
Lucky charm !
What are you going to do with that ?
I don’t know yet.
Tang !
Okay, I’m beginning to understand how it works. Xiong !
Xie !
The akuma is in his fan. We have to destroy it in order to free him.
Got it. Lang !
What’s happening ?
Normally, if I turn into a dragon I can control all the elements.
I’d really like to toast his armor with lightning, but it’s not working.
The power of the dragon is the most powerful of them all.
Your intentions need to be just, and noble for you to earn the right to use it
Of course my intentions are noble !
I want revenge from the man who ruined my life.
Revenge is against the dragon’s values.
Your intentions and your judgement are troubled.
Isn’t revenge the same thing as justice ?
So we’ll defeat him another way. Ho !
No !
Who would have thought, the prodigious and your miraculous on the same day!
Cataclysm !
Nooo !
Where is my money ?
You’re alone against 3 of us Hawkmoth. It’s over.
I think you mean it’s over for you.
Yan Woshi, I am Hawkmoth.
You will certainly not let this girl, who gets revenge and justice confused, be the holder of your prodigious.
As the Yama infernal sovereign, I will sow carnage and destruction until she gives me back the jewel !
We have to break the ball, the akuma is inside.
Tremble, humans !
Ah!
Adrien! No! Not the City!
Yan Woshi ! Stop or I’ll take back your power-
I take orders from no one !
Okay… Is that good or bad news ?
We recharge and regroup to think of a plan.
Ying !
Roa !
Hua !
Everything is my fault.
Give me the prodigious back. You are not worthy of wearing it.
He is right.
No !
You’re the only one who can defeat him.
Only the power of the dragon can reach the akumatized object inside of him.
I want to be able to use the power of the dragon. But I am not worthy of it.
You can do it.
No, I can never do anything.
- Wait !
- Ying !
We don’t have a choice anymore. I’m gonna use my power on him.
Cat Noir ! No !
Cataclysm !
No !
Fei
Uhhh - Marinette!
I’m sorry for not forgiving you earlier
No Marinette! I don’t deserve that you forgive me, I lied to you, I stole your things, and everythings is happening now is my fault
I can’t imagine the sadness of my father if he saw how I failed
I know now that you did all of that for a right reason
Maybe, but i failed to live by my father’s values
He would never have devoted all his energy to getting revenge on someone
He would have continued to do good around him
So, you know what you have to do
My prodigious!
Lang!
Meishi ! Stop destroying everything!
Tikki, spots on!
Lucky Charm!
Perfect!
Calm down, Meishi!
I don’t want to hurt you, i’m not here to destroy you neither to satisfy my revenge
I’m only trying to save you and bring you back to your sense
I’m no longer Meishi
I’m Yaloshi
I went on a shopping spree
Red and black spots? Funny pattern for a Chinese vase
It’s because it’s not a chinese vase, but the solution for our problem.
A giant pill to swallow with plenty of water!
If you see what i’m saying
I see absolutely, yes
Yaloshi!
You came finally to give me what is mine?
Yes, but before, take a large glass of water to calm you down
And Voila!
No more evil doing for you little akuma
Time to de-evilize
Gotcha!
Bye Bye little butterfly
What happened? You have acceded to the power of the Dragon?
Yes, with a little bit of help!
Pound it!
Was I the one who caused so much damage?
What a terrible breach of my mission.
Don’t worry, we’ll take care of fixing everything for you. Miraculous Ladybug!
Kitty!
You wrote for the good of all and renounced your revenge.
You have all the human values required, The Prodigious is in good hand with you, Renren.
Come on, we forget the past, okay? Just tell me how much do you want?
Wait! Wait! We can find a solution
You destroyed my father’s school, you made me an orphan that you forced to steal for you.
Because of you I renounced all the ancestral values that my father taught me.
From the beginning you are the source of all the misfortunes that happened to me! Why?
Money!
There are no word to describe what you are, but today I decided...
to let justice take its course.
Well done, Fei! It’s worthy of a wise "Renren" - full of wisdom
It’s not too early!
I was wondering when you were going to decide to put it back on.
Meishi!
You thought that my mission was over?
But it just started
Ladybug, Cat Noir thank you for your help.
Well all we have left to do is find Marinette.
Oh. Yes exactly, we’re here for that after all, finding Marinette!
Don’t worry, I found her and put her in a shelter during the battle.
Ying! Are you interested in a little visit to the Shanghai court?
Uhm, so I suppose that we are going back to Paris together?
Uhm, yes why not, I mean if you insist.
Hey, tell me in your opinion, if we want to do a world tour, is it faster to pass by the Arctic or Antarctic?
Oh what interesting question that I always asked myself but never had the opportunity to answer it, haha.
You know what? I think that we should test that right now and when we see each other again in Paris we can compare our scores.
That is an excellent idea Kitty, so i will go that way.
And I will go that way, until then M’lady.
You know Marinette, during a birthday, the tradition wants you to inhale the biggest noodle without breaking it. It symbolizes longevity.
Here in China the 60th birthday is often the first that we celebrate.
What?! You never celebrated your birthday before?
Never, and I am really happy to celebrate it for
the first time with you and your boyfriend Adrien.
Uhm we are only friends.
Come on it is time for you to open your present.
Sorry, we didn’t mean to scare you, we only wanted to give you this back.
Oh, wow my k… my fetish necklace.
Thank you so much, thank you a thousand times.
Bring in your friends.
An accordion? It’s a present from Sabine, Marinette’s mom. I raised her and I always dreamt of playing the accordion
but I never had the time.
I know how to play, if you want.
Congratulations Marinette, you seem to have found the magical ingredient of this meal finally.
Thank you but i think that if there is a magical ingredient it’s sister Marinette. Does it bother you if I call you sister.
On the contrary, it’s a pleasure sister Fei. How do we say that in Mandarin?
Chei Chei.
Chei Chei Fei.
What did I say?
It would be too awkward to translate, Marinette.
If you want, when we go back to Paris, I could teach you Chinese.
Otay… I mean yato I mean… ugh.
Sometimes it’s hard to understand her even in French.
Coming to China I found more than anything I could have hoped for.
An incredible uncle, a new friend and a new Chinese teacher.